# Verbatim transcript
source: /Users/ojeromyo/Desktop/OnePoint/Call with Ali Ann.mp3

So two entities of my family and I and Connie uh is it something we could just start off small so that like um I could start to get like personal experience and then ask to build like the actual one points Yeah yeah
yeah that's what i was here on on what what what our needs are yeah yep yes and like last year i was saying i think we should do a you just kind of just just start with like a spreadsheet because you know we could kind of is there at least like map it out on a spreadsheet you know like just to start just kind of like do keep it organized and everything so everything updates so you know
says with you know if the spreadsheet changes the the app has a you know could could duplicates but and that spreadsheet you I worked it was working but it was like the times the gear was off so I did be like the gear never got fixed oh yeah I wasn't really sure if you even you you're using it or what you know but yeah well I was but it wasn't something I I mean I started to and then I forgot but
um okay yeah yeah yeah we can and actually make yeah we could just keep that going and actually something I share as a team members yeah we could make it look the way you want it too as well and then also i we have the i can i can put the um you know the uh the agent in the in the app so that you can just like hit record and and talk you know
talking and while you're even while you're like like worried with her you know like you could whatever you know how it works yeah so for connie right now the most supported are the time sheet and then the note taking yeah yep okay so yeah the the time sheets can be um you know they can say that in the notes you know um cuz they can even just say grade so you don't even have to like fully there doesn't have to be like perfect
be like perfect like with be the perfect sentences instead it can totally like kind of just stream consciousness what happened that day you know which is you know it might be a little different for people um but it it definitely helps me um so as long as they say you know that then then um that that will get logged and then it will
it looks separated into the time okay um yeah and so yeah we can i mean then um then for me god uh
I for okay guess as a more accessible way because like my six two of my sisters don't use like Google Sheets and Google Calendar and Google Docs you know. Yeah. Oh. So I'm wondering if like you know I we create something that is workable on all those and all that.
like basically like my sister LA as it's like I don't know she has a 5G phone. She like you know she's so anti like she's still on that 5G trip. Like yes, 5G. Yeah, yeah. Let alone AI, let alone you know uh which is unfortunate cuz it's like the world you're up. Yes. The thing is what we can do is just have it so
So you know if she wants to send an email she can do that or Morse code or something Yeah, that you know he hacks well I'd just need something where he could log on to like go to a website and there's all that info Yeah, that's that's exactly what was going to it was just going to be anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And my other sister in Kansas doesn't have an iPhone. So like she doesn't have the time. Yeah, okay. Okay.
Okay. You you yes, you guys can always do like, you know, I mean you can do there's other ways to do um, you know, video chat. Um so and I could even I could even make that part of it, you know? I mean, it really can be. Like there's it's called LifeKit. Um so it's just kind of take your own little family Zoom, you know. Hey.
Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, exactly. Okay? Um so And so all I need to know is I mean I just need like details on like what like you know other than just like you know I mean other than just like the classic stuff but like how, you know, um so like
like I don't if you want to come over in the next day or two or something but um yeah I I do I just think this I I wanted I wanted to go faster um or I wanted to start this but my dad's move or I I'm sure I told you we moved my dad Yeah yeah so that I I can't lose side of that like my
like my sisters Holy yeah no worries I get that we had you know me and I will just I overbook I spread thin I get distracted um so I got to not drop the ball on this one Sure yeah yeah and I can help you I mean we can I can totally help. This hopefully this will help, you know. Yeah. That's what I that's what I'm like okay
my my okay so i do a while i mean really just like even just like a couple hours you know just so i could we could like lay it out the way you want it yeah um okay so at some point you know i mean i i started it's funny cuz i took Adderall or like a a Costa Rican i think it's 27 mg remember i said 15 the 27 uh huh 27
So, so let's we took out I took out 4:00. Uh. So I'm like I I was feeling good. Um and I like all mornings. But um it's okay if it it's okay if this have to, you know, it's fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But um uh what cuz then uh maybe it could maybe happen um
Tomorrow night? Yep. Oh, Saturday night and I I just got to work on Sunday with Connie until Thursday. Yep. That's a problem. Yep. Tomorrow or Saturday works? Okay. Yeah. You're open. Okay, guys. Yeah, I can I told the time. Yeah.
I like even be better because like um you know I can I'm still kind of like working on my on the database and like getting my system totally like dialed in so I mean I can still I can still work is that's not going to like that's not going to hinder anything um this is kind of like you know like just transitioning into this new way of doing things but I thought it's not going to hurt so okay yeah why don't we
Why don't we do that? Let's let's schedule for tomorrow night for sure like around you know later like it could be seven. Okay. But I think I'm maybe yeah. Um and then Yeah. Um
I wait, you'll do tomorrow night. I'll come over. Okay. And then tonight I'll start baby baby are you going to be up for a while? Yeah. I mean I might come. I might still come. I might just come over. You let me just see what you got. Yeah, yeah, no. Yeah, no horse of. Yeah. So all good. Yeah. If you do, that's cool. If you don't, we'll do it tomorrow too. We'll do both. Whatever. And so cool.
so cool super chill um okay uh all right well my just is like I kinda wish I took this mission earlier but actually it's kind of nice driving I turn other loads to the um
but it's kind of nice working at nights i mean i love it there's no there never needs you either yeah and like i like to go back and forth like there's no traffic like and it's cooler so i might do another load and then i'm also awake yeah right you sleep here or anything cuz i's like have to have to sleep after night and then it's like a new day okay anyway are you been
they were obviously in chat with you throughout the night okay sounds good okay cool thank you sir bye bye