# Verbatim transcript
source: /Users/ojeromyo/Desktop/OnePoint/Call with AlyAnn.mp3

Okay so um Connie is in a transition she was just in low elevation sea level for one month with um and now she's back at her home in or with her family in Lake of the Pines high elevation she came back a week ago today and she's already been to
already been to the er and her blood pressure is totally out of whack and um she's she's in like kind of i would say like way more demented dementia um and so she's and she's very she's so she's less audible in audible
inaudible and nonverbal and then more hallucinations and um weaker she's not able to walk as well as she used to be she's able to like maybe hold her weight a little bit and take a few steps how worn like a total transition what's her how much does she weigh i would say 120 120 okay and
and um blood sugar um blood sugar i don't know but it's it's blood pressure actually yeah but we want blood sugar too um yeah i don't we're not taking that regularly we should yeah totally okay well yeah if if you're if you're allowed to you know i don't know what kind of you know what what if that you know if you can do like the you know the little poke on the finger take the blood sugar that's a really big my dad
really big my dad's going through the same thing and that's one of the things and then hydration he has parkinsons but that's that's the the the dementia um you might worry even look for like urinary tract infections things like that yeah yeah she we she's already been to the er so we already have okay cool that just got tested and ruled out okay cool nice to india so i don't mean just like overstep no no thank you like thank you for that yeah that's your
yeah that's your your UTIs are always um was ruled out so i mean i think it could be which is 20 years of dementia i mean yeah parkinson so this could be another level or it could just be her body balancing from the elevations i i got i have an idea real quick sorry um so what we should do in in this system here um
um what we can do is there if there's like a puzzling thing like this same situation we can have it automatically do research um on parkinsons and say like okay these are the things that are happening let's let's research medical journals and find out if this is yeah this is a great i would love all that please put all that in there and then what i was noticing is um the accessibility like
uh any accessibility for like the margin and the for the just for team it's not an active app right now right right yeah yeah so far this is just sort of like um it's it's just a little it's a little prototype and so what we yeah so the the yes so share you able to share the link
to share the link with everybody and they can log in and then be able to say this is the person on duty and you know and this is you know this is the report. Okay. Cool. Perfect. Okay. Yeah. Let's get an act let's get one word's like researching so fall that I mean interrupt you. No, no, that's great. Yeah, yeah. So the the research on the the parkinsons and and like dementia
and um she could possibly be going in you the progression of it just the whole progression where she's or it could just be um yes so when whenever whenever anybody um you know at the end of day or during during anytime anyone logs anything there will be an immediate um triggered
a trigger that will spawn an ai research agent that will look at medical journals and even if it's like good or bad or whatever it will just research and based off of the you know history and the current log will come back with of validating verified actual medical research that can you know like inspire like good and also um
um be able to troubleshoot issues that um and and kind of narrow things down to be able to you know tell a medical professional if something happens um okay yeah does she have like a a mini kind of like body like like an apple watch or anything you know like the like with that takes data no she does that's actually a smart idea too yeah
Yeah. So having cuz there's different there's different kinds of these devices um like the um Aura or Aura ring you know the ring all kinds of different biometrics that we could gather that would um that would be able to shed a lot of light on you know more data is better and if it's not a knowing for her then there's all kinds of wearables you know so you might want to incorporate that into your um
um you know like your your platform yeah okay i love that pq yeah like um yeah that's a good requirement having her i mean her family she has a rolex oh yeah that's wait i think they don't like the iwatches cuz it's like a battery but you're right like that would be a smart yeah there's other things you know so there there are other things that you know the rolex little stickies you know
you know that like you could like stick on there's the there's like a wrist band one and there's the aura ring and all that batteries you know you know whatever you know i mean it's not like it's um you know they already exists so yeah yeah so that i mean in that like gosh man having that data is so huge to be able to troubleshoot a person's state and and history so
so um and then be able to predict the future as well so cool yeah nice i love i love this so yeah the the login is so important right now i guess that's why i'm saying like i want to get on this and um cuz it's such a shift it's just all happening this week and we're all just texting in yes oh yeah that's good you know we don't have a we we know we went from being like you know
you know we're we're non-medical companions together. We don't really have an official um medical yeah uh yeah licensed board and and and so we're kind of loosey-goosy and um but it's becoming where we really need to be logging because that can that's also going to um you know like I mean I like I'm dealing right now with um
um and like having somebody like threatening to sue me and so i had to go through um and i i mean my my defenses like awesome but like if i didn't have all those logs and i didn't have um so what we can do here cuz i just did this um even with the texting that's great what we could do is extract all those text messages and then add them to the log cuz they already date stamp yeah that's what i was starting to do with
you but i'm like oh it's not saving ex it's not live it's not i'm not isn't actually you know i's like but there's timestamps so what we can do um i have a program and i mean people would have to like be okay with this but um we can it's called i message or um extractor and then it it it goes into the um i message database and extracts
it selects the messages for you know you could just say for the the people on your team and then just for that one you know just uh you know and then and then it's already timestamp so we can add backlog to this and that would be able to then we can do some data visualization where we can you know chart and plot some some actual like really like a dash
like a dashboard of metrics. Um you know what I mean? What was that app you told me to download? I don't know. I don't remember. Nuvius? Nuvius? Nubius. Oh, Notion? Notion. Oh yeah, Notion. Yeah, Notion. And and um I never did. That's okay. Don't worry. So that's fine. Um I, you know, I
you know i think that this the app is going to be um we we're not going to need it um there's there's a source version and i can we can self host it and it could just be you know and that's that's fine we can incorporate that kind of stuff um but yeah this is really good in medical teams you know i mean this could really set you apart with like being able to manage and place people things like that is like because of like the the quality of of care
care even though you're not medically licensed that you you know you can do these things used and and also um um could could we have like links or ways to get like medical records or is that well um so there they would have to sign a waiver to give you to give access to the platform um we would
um we would have to make sure that the platform is hipa compliant um and so there are i i know of an exact i know of an open source platform that deals with medical records that is hipa compliant and we could build on top of that um because i did do some research on this with some psychotherapists so okay so that would absolutely that can absolutely happen
and um then there's just like paperwork like waivers things like that that that um you know if if there's if as long as the family and whoever is the medical power of attorney authorizes you as someone that can receive um that then um then then we can do that and and what's um what platform are we using um well i'm going to have to go back into my um into all my projects
um and and and and the familiarized myself once again with the name of it but there's a there's a lot of different um so there's this platform called github and its developers like software developers all um use utilize this as a you know this lots of open source projects that that have particular licensing that allows you to utilize and modify
modify and and even commercialize um the open source um code um as long as the license allows it um we can utilize this and we don't have to build everything from scratch and this is like straight up like um is this is used in hospitals and it's it's a open source medical platform this hipa compliant and and and has all of this that just in fact I
just in fact i just remembered about it when we were talking just right now so yeah yeah let me know when you hear that cuz i was talking with um the family and they were like yeah we we were talking about this like oh i don't know what platform are you using well this is our yeah this is our own platform we're we're building this this is okay right back okay hold on i'm sure mhm thanks

I got it. Because I'm hold on. Do you want me to call you back? Um I can hold on. Um okay. No problem. Yeah, I'm right here. It'll be a while. Oh, if you Oh, hold you can just just call me back. That's fine. Yeah. Okay. Perfect. Okay. Yep. Bye. Bye.