All right, cool. So go ahead. What's your name? What's your number one priority? Um, he's getting... Okay, uh, uh, to shoot, uh, okay. I have three number one priorities. Cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's good. Okay, one is I need to get... I need to get professionalized and get out there on, like, LinkedIn and, um, to... to be a... elder care... elder, like, placement manager. For a link? Like, so I went on Instagram, LinkedIn, account, um... So, and then start getting... getting out there that this Holly Hawk... Yep. Boutique home care has openings for three, you know, so I could sell these rooms and place people. And it's a $10,000 a room, and it's such a sweet concept. such a sweet home in Lafayette. But I have to, like, for the last six months, I've been saying, Oh, I can do this, I can do this. I can find people. But I'm not doing anything. Like, I don't, you know, I'm not, 'cause I worked so much, I'm not out in public. Um, so, I need to set up a profile and just start going through my contacts, and, um, I don't know. Yeah, whatever you can do to send me to go off, Dave? That would be cool. Like, whatever, like, your experiences, if you have a resume, if you have So I need all of your work experience, you know, you're like, you know, some kind of like bio. If you can hand me anything, I can start it. We can always edit it. Um, bio, uh, picture, probably, um, all my personal info, you know, my experience. Okay, good, I got that. And you know what's cool? I found this browser plug in today, extension that goes onto social. you go into social media, you can, like, say what you want to have come up, you know, you can, like, hide hide certain things. And so if we had everything except for things like this, we would, you know, be way easier to find a bunch of, like, use, you know, a bunch of, like, examples, you know? But anyway, that's no worries. Keep going, keep going. Okay, yeah, so that's, that's because that's gonna help me get, like, it'll take time. I mean, that's gonna take a while, right? I mean, No. Even if, like, say, I found someone tomorrow, they're gonna have to... Anyway. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All you need to do is put it up. We just... Yeah, and that's gonna take you to be here, to actually put it up, but I can write it before. So I need to do all that. Okay. And anyway, but that's the fastest way for me to make, like, 15 grand. Yep. You know, but that's that would come in, like, three months, right? But in three months, I would have 15 grand. Yeah. So, um, Great. Well, we'll make that, like, priority number one out of three. And, like, um, because the other thing is to make 15 grand, I would have to work, like, um, like, 15, 24 hour shifts, you know? I'm like, fuck. I gotta get out of this. Yeah, well, yeah, doing both, you know? The habit of, yeah, doing both, and I can only work so much, you know? Okay, so then. Okay, so that's it. That's number one. This will have a lot of information. I have a lot to do to give you that. And that's very important to be, so I'm gonna work on that as soon as possible. Yeah, just send me whatever, just send me, like, if you have, if you have a resume or something, like, send that over. It doesn't even matter if it needs to be updated, you know? I'll work on that. I'll get that to you, like, tomorrow. Okay. Because after this call, I'm gonna go to bed, so... Cool, yeah. By this tomorrow, I'll have some information for you. Cool. Okay. Okay, some data, okay? Okay, so that's my homework there. Now, the second number one priority is, um... a... continuing on working for info for my dad and help for my dad. Yep. And then, um... then, and that, I don't really know what that's gonna look like. I already have, um, I've got some really good ideas for all that. Yeah, and Connie, so... Yep. Yeah, and that was one of the questions. I'm just like, so I'm going to treat them as the same app. Like, there's not gonna be like an info between, like, you know, your dad's info is not gonna be different than Connie's info. It's going to be the same thing. But you're just gonna be able to utilize it, you know, you know, in like both states. It doesn't create any complexity or difference there. Okay. Yeah, so those are the three? Yeah. Sweet. Yeah, no, that's good. And that's so I just did a big, I mean, I did a huge research thing, but I'm gonna do is if you have any, do you have anything you can send me at all? Right now? Yeah, just, like, a... you have to have like a resume or something, right? I mean, no, because I don't know. I mean... How did you get these jobs? It's all word of mouth. Yeah, right, but you didn't have any kind of, like, documentation, any kind of, like, what I do, like, emails or something? No. It's all literally, like, people meet me. I tell them my experience, and then they're like, how? yeah, yeah, yeah, tell me your experience. Yeah. You have to you have to read that shit down, yeah. Yeah, I just gotta write it down. I'll type it up. Or just speak it. voicemail? Yeah, it could be a complete stream of consciousness. Okay. That way, it's, like, it's, like, not jarring, you know? If you're trying to type something up, it takes forever, you know, and you say tedious. You can just be like, you know, every time you think of something that you did, you just make a voice memo and then it's, then it's, you know, it just gets added to the record. And then we make it sound good better, you know? It's not a problem. That's the easiest way to do it. And that's what I'm gonna do for your notes, for your family and all that. We're gonna have a, it's gonna be a, a language model that lives inside of a browser, on your phone, anywhere. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Um. And now, and then, um... Okay, what else? I mean, that's it, really. Really, I just got to... I got to hit the right when I'm in the right energy. Like right now, I'm like, I can't even keep my eyes open. Oh yeah, no, it's totally fine. You're doing great. This was perfect. This really, this really, this helped, you know, maybe what I can do is let me find out what the other questions were really quick. Um, so this is right, got it right here. Here we go, one point. Okay. Seven things convert this thesis to executables. Okay, hold on, let me see. Vague or missing? Okay, that's not it. Yeah, I've got a lot got done actually. Um... Just give me one second here. Sure. Um Okay, uh, is this it? Yeah, just going back in time here, so... Okay, this is, it's gotta be right here somewhere. boom boom boom boom Okay. No. Maybe... there's a lot of data here, so, let's see here, down a little bit. Uh... Gosh, darn it. Okay, one blocking action. Okay, oh, yeah, here we go. It's right around here somewhere. Um... Okay, so the voice verse care log that comes single, um, facility placement, CRM, and, um, on move-in day is the same FHIR record from the 1st prospect phone call through the day, 365 ship note, okay, with 0 reentry because there was never a 2nd system. Okay, I don't know what's going on there. Three most compound loop. Okay, above velocity asymmetry. No, no, no, no. Okay, so 95% of our stack actually already exists that we can utilize. That's cool. Um, one blocking entry before Saturday. So confirmed the HI trust S 0 C2 HIPA claim verbatim, paste into 11 OS landscape, 5 minutes. Wait, wait, 5 minutes. Then Alien's working session agenda is the 7 critical open questions at the end of 51 point strategy.md. Okay, cool. So I'll have to go to that file and look at what those, um, we'll go with those open questions where there's 7 questions. I can just ask it. What are the 7 questions? Oh, here they are. Which care recipient is version 04? Connie dad or both? So that's both. Longmon facility profile data, name, address, license, vacancies, pricing, photos. So, yeah, we're talking about hollyhock or whatever. Yeah, that's Lafayette, yeah. Okay, and then the low tech sister by name and device, sister who doesn't use smartphones, isn't a design target. Maria on the Samsung Galaxy, J2 running Android 9 is, okay? That doesn't matter. The existing spreadsheet, open it. See what she already tracks, the V 0 mirrors, this, not our PRD. Okay, five, her priority ranking. Show her, okay, so we already know that. We just got that. Litigation timeline. If depositions are in 30 days, legal export ships one week one. What are we talking about with? there any litigation? No. Depositions? Okay. No. Yeah, I don't know what is going on with that. So, okay, it might be reaching into some memory that I don't that's attached somewhere. Cadence. How often can she sit down? accused with, we got talk, we were talking about your stuff. Oh, right. Yes, probably. Yep, that's probably it. Okay, cool. yeah that's no problem. Oh yeah, so then we don't we don't have any questions anymore. We know exactly what's up. Complete but design incomplete. Yeah, the with the research is complete, the design is incomplete. Yep. Yeah, yeah, no, this is good. Cool. This is that's great. This is good. This is productive. Sweet. And you know what? That just gave me a thought, like, we could have, like, um, Okay, never Well, never mind. Well, okay. So when a caregiver leaves, they, like, answer seven questions before they leave. Yeah, yeah, totally. They just put it into the voicemail, like, Connie had a bowel movement. Oh, exactly. You know, whatever. So that'd be kind of seven cues or something. Yeah, yeah, totally. And in fact, like, um, I was even thinking, like, let's say that someone's having, like, a hard time or something, like, you know, like dealing or, like, there's something that's like, hey, and they have like a forum where, like, all the character universes are part of the network, and, like, gave like, oh, hey, if I know, I don't have a fire number, do you have in that position? you know, you know, this is what I would do. So it's a place where people can go to like good advice and encouragement to keep going. Because I know, uh, you know, I know that actually happens quite a bit. so but you know, just to, you know, just the future idea. But yeah, so, but yeah, thank you. No, this was really helpful. I think all those 7 questions are like totally like done and I'll make sure that it knows that that litigation is not part of it and it can go factor everything. Send me learning market research. Oh, yeah, you want to see it all? It's pretty huge. But I have a right here, actually. Yeah. What would you email it to me? Um, I consider it to your phone. It should open up on your phone. But I can email it to you too, yeah. Um, let's collect this. Um, it's in right here, boop. And then come here... And then... In one point, here we go. One point HD mil. I think this is it right here. Ooh. urge. All right, let's go. Open it up, like... Okay, there it is, right? Yeah, so you're gonna have to open it up in a browser. Yeah, okay. Um, but yeah, no, it's it's good. I'll check it out on my phone 1st and then, oh, here, I'll just send it to you. Just try it right now. Because you have your iPad, right? Yeah. Here you got try it out, see if it works. Is your iPad the same phone? Same Apple ID? Yeah, probably. You say hopefully? Since your email, too. Oh, you don't have a computer? That's your computer, huh? I mean, I, I just haven't been using my, I stopped using my computer. Yeah, because the... Okay, well, what, you sent me something, but I came up on my phone, but I don't want to open up on my phone. I just open up my iPad. Yeah, yeah, perfect. It should go in your, go into your messages in your iPad. Oh, okay. here we go. Oh, yeah, wait. It should open up in, like, Safari, probably. Yeah. Did you ding? I don't see the name from you. In your messages? Not on my iPad. Does your messages go to your iPad? Yeah. That's what all the ding was. That's weird. Okay. Good. Do you go to your email? Well, it's on my, I saw my, um, message on my phone, iPhone. Yeah, you can, you can AirDrop it. I don't need to check. Okay, at one point HTML. Yep. Oh, here it is. So the first is just the transcripts. Well, it's just cool, it's not a, wait, it's not opening. What do you mean? Um... You want to put your phone on your... We can share a screen there. Yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, you have to open it up in chrome. So you have to, like, long hold it. Like press it and hold it, and then say more. Oh, eight, nope, nope, nope, nope. Okay, you have to do this. Here, I'm just gonna send it to your email instead. Okay. Because you'd have to, you have to, like, click it and drag it and put it into your, like, so let's just do this. This is going to be easier. What's your email? Um, Allie and... A L I A N N? F I N N. Other just... Here we go. cream. Market research, read... Let me search... Cool, let's do this. Boop. Then... Cool, and then send. Okay, so now... Yeah, go to there. Scroll down... Actually, go to the, there you go. And then, so, actually, no, it's okay. Here, you go to, let's see, show me your, um, here. Actually, yeah, go to the right with your phone. There's that little button. Yeah, that, yeah, that one, and then go to open up in, no, go to right there. So... It almost came down. So you go keep going to the right, the, um, nope, nope. The 2nd row down, 2nd down there. Goes, keeps, keep scrolling it. Yep, and then keep going to it more. Cool. And then go down. Um, keep going down. Okay, let's see here. So, okay, I guess go back up. Um, okay, so go to uh, Dan, go done there. See it done. Um, see the same defiles. Then we can add, they just say, save? Up at the top. Nice. Um, yeah, let me see if I can make this more like contained. It's probably that. But what you could do is if you go to your files now. So you can, like, downswipe and say files. Uh, oops, not that hard. Just like hold your finger in there and down. Yep, there you go. Safe files. And then it should be the top. And then, but if you hold long press, hold it. So, yeah, long press on it. This one looks like it. You want to open it up in Safari? I can't see what you're looking at. Um, like an open in. It's all good here. I'll just send you a link. I can do this. I can just do this and and get Hub even too. so cool how much you know. Yeah, it's, it's, uh, definitely learned trade. So, um, I was gonna say, my client can't open the, um, the HTML file that we have for all the market research, because it's not packaged quite right. This needs to be mobile friendly and needs to be completely contained because it's showing up vacant. So unless they literally open it up in a browser, which is really hard to do on an iOS device, they're not gonna be able to look at it. So fix it, and then, um, and make it look way better. This is kind of like plain Jane bullshit. Use your um, use this skill. Nice. Okay, then we go like this and I put the skill in that I just found, which is really cool. Nice. Ooh, nice. Yeah, that's cool. Um, you know, it is... Dip, dip. Go over here, boo. Um, this should already be installed as well. So, boop, boop. Nice, this is gonna be fun. Yeah, um, yeah, cool. see. Nice, it loaded the skill, sweet. You tomorrow, I'm going out to, um, see Julie and help her, like, set up her AI work thing. Julie, oh, cool. Mm-hmm. I love Julie. Yeah, she's great. Oh, for her work or personal? Um, both kind of. Set up her personal computer, but it's gonna be for work, too. It's pretty challenging because it's, yeah, it's, it's a work situation, which restricts a lot of things. I gotta be creative. Had to be creative. Which I like the challenge. But yeah, so this is working right now. And I have a GitHub repo for it. So, and with all of the questions that we answered tonight, I think that I could just go ahead and start developing fully. And then we can always, you have to keep in mind that if you don't like something, it's so easy to change it. So this is just gonna be like a, you know, kind of a functionality sort of like situation. But I'm gonna prioritize the easy, you know, just open it up and talk to it thing. Cool. Yeah, this should come to you here. You can stick on the phone with me too, if you want. But I just wanted to give you the option, if you wanted to go, you can. All right. Also, a side note, I'm hooking up with the dude, I tell you on Thursday. Oh cool. sick. We missed each other last week and Yeah, no worries. Yeah, they are, just... Yeah, I'm gonna sleep the rest. I'm gonna sleep till Thursday then. Just getting... I not. Do you have a good birthday? Yeah, it's cool. I just worked, you know? Did what I like to do. Yeah. That's cool. I had to climb over and, you know, working on his stuff and like, yeah. And then I'm like really making big headway on my complicated, but spatial reasoning landscape architecture, um, application is like really, really sweet. Um, and then that's like my main super, like, it's like really, like, heady and trying to define everything really well. is it's like a, it's a journey. Big time, but and then and then, yeah, just this database and everything that I found and all that is going to be, this is like so perfect for everything. So it's gonna be good. It relates to every single project I'll ever work on. So. So everyone gets upgraded dice. Here we go. Perfect. All right, here we go. Um, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop. Okay, let's see this works now. Let's go. Okay, one point. Okay, one point. Good. Boop. Uh... There we are. There you are. Yeah, this is it. Okay, cool. All right, I'm gonna send it over here. Here we go. Still didn't look that great, but it's just basically text. All right. Boo. So now give it a shot. Okay, cool. And then I'm gonna put this, it's gonna change, well, I mean, I'll put it into a GitHub, so that way when I make a change, that it changes everything. And that way you're not looking at old data that doesn't matter, you know, how to keep like a, you know, replacing a file. Oh wow. So, yeah, I did research on all the apps that exist already. And then we're gonna, like, take the new, find like all the, you find the gaps where they're not doing well and then, and then, like, you know, and then also the AI advantage on how it would solve all that stuff. System architecture, strategy, all that kind of stuff that I like to do. You know, it's a lot. All I got is just my calm work alley and transcript. Um, well, so at the top, so did you see that little hamburger menu? I think maybe? See here. Okay. Everything's cooking open. Yeah, let me see. Let me check this out. I'm gonna look at it from my phone. Oh, yeah, so, yeah, your PRG. Oh, I see. So this happened to me earlier too. Okay, cool. Don't worry, this is good because I needed to solve this on another one. Okay, cool. Okay, so, I mean, we can see that 1st tab, but the tabs, it recognizes that it's clicking, but it doesn't change the tab at all on iOS. And this happened to another one of my things that you made. You need to make sure, and you need to use the actual skills, um, that you want to think of it more like a web application and a standalone HTML file that is interactive on all devices. Um, look at look at the uh, the code and find it, find that bug where if you push on it, it doesn't fucking do anything. There we go. I mean, it's so funny that this is how you solve everything just by telling it to like, what the fuck are you doing? It's pretty funny, I think. Uh Especially when you have someone over here, you're like, so how do you know all this stuff? I'm like, I fucking don't know how to do anything. I'm just like, what the, why the hell is this working? All right, cool. Found it. Okay, cool. You found it. The tab buttons use button elements instead of the ad event listener. Okay, cool. Issue click events. Good. Yeah, fix that and then fix this one too. Okay, so I could delete this? Yep, yep, yep, yep. Just delete it. Yeah, because your phone probably gets like full of shit. I feel bad for whoever's, like, connected to my stream of, like, movies and videos and songs and pictures, and it's like, my whole phone is full. Sorry. BBJ messaged me, like, four times on... Messenger. I haven't looked at it yet. Oh, wow. Mm. Maybe their happy birthday. Yeah, that's what it was, I'm sure, but I don't really still don't want to live with my dad. Um, I will, but I'm gonna make him wait for it, you know? Wait for it? He didn't he didn't wish me happy birthday, and I wish him happy birthday. It's okay. I don't I'm like, why did I even like engage back in him? That was such a weird energy. But... But it brought us together? Yeah, it did. All right, here we go. Let's try this now. One more time here. Maybe that's what it was. It was like, it was in that, like, kind of morphic field, I tapped in there and it was like, it wasn't about him, it was about you. All right, boom, boom. And boom. Did you get that? Mm. I don't think it's working again. Wait. No. No, it's not. Okay, cool. No worries. I'll fix it. I'll fix it. We have to fix that in this other one, too. Um, fuck. Annoying. Well, I'm gonna get going to... Yeah, yeah, cool. But tonight or by tomorrow, I'll have, um, some information for you to work with. Okay, sounds good. Okay. thank you so much. You're welcome. Good night. All right, cool. all good. Thank you. All right, good night. Good night. See ya. Arugula. remember.